hi fellas uh didn't really get much done
this week gonna give you a couple
updates on the main chopper I'm just
going to run through a few things I did
do this week like I said being it much
done to figure out to show you guys
what's up just try to keep the Vita
short so let's get to it alright so one
of the things I was able to get done
this week was remove off the extra
length of shaft that was hanging off the
axle I'd left it on both sides I didn't
really know exactly what I was going to
do and so I left it just in case we need
to be some moving around hacked it off
cleaned it up taking through the bearing
bearing retainer
so everything's pretty much finished
back here on the back axle alright one
of the other things I was able to do was
remove the extra shaft off the
transmission if you remember correctly
the last video there was just a shaft
that came came out of this back these
back gears I think it hamp you know hung
out probably that far cut it off Sam you
know ground it back drilled and tapped
it then I actually just took some
washers and made a little spacer tacked
in sides for right now made a little
spacer and basically this bolts on
through the axle and kind of retains
these gears the fronts the same way so
it just made a same use the same washers
made the same same setup and it bolts on
so the primary setup is completely
finished except for the finished welding
up front here I was able to get the
footpegs welded on or just tacked on you
can see they got a little bit of angle
to them
I've got both sides on they pretty much
the same shorten the length I'm just a
little bit and she's got a mocked up so
we can see what they look like and
actually sit on the bike to suit they
feel like hopefully not really sure yet
hopefully we have some kind of front
controls maybe may operate the brake
from down here
not really sure kind of want to keep the
handlebars cleaned up so not sure if
we're going to do the brake down here or
up top that's the masked cylinder so
they put it back in here somewhere
not quite sure just yet
hi fellas so it pretty much concludes
this week's update on the mini-chopper
if you hadn't already subscribe so you
can see the upcoming builds if you
hadn't check out my channel go back and
check it out
I've got some carbon fiber stuff on
there some turbos stuff got the
beginning stages of this thing if you
haven't seen the first two videos go
back and check those out I can kind of
update you to this point hopefully
laughs more hands-on how-to on this
thing as we finish it up
got some cool stuff coming so definitely
keep watching go to the fab forums
obviously that's trying to promote the
fab forums go there check out we've got
all kinds of builds this build is on
there
you can see pictures ask questions and
give any kind of information you might
need right off the fab forms the fab
forums comm I think that's about it
find us on Facebook the fab forums just
search the platforms kill any questions
just let me know
hit me up appreciate